# PlanQuit

This is a Chrome extension.

## Get started

Clone this repository, and then, in this directory:

1. `npm install`
2. `npm start`

Your unpacked Chrome extension will be compiled into `dist/`. You can load it into Chrome by enabling developer mode on
the "Extensions" page, hitting "Load unpacked", and selecting the `dist/` folder. You can pack the extension into a
`.crx` by using the "Pack extension" button on the same page.

## Source layout

The default source layout looks like this:

```
src
├── app
│   ├── background.ts
│   └── content.ts
├── styles
│   └── popup.css
└── ui
    └── popup.ts
```

* `background.ts` will get loaded as the extension background script, and will run persistently in the background
* `content.ts` will be injected into the URLs matched by `dist/manifest.json`'s `matches` entry (see
[Match Patterns](https://developer.chrome.com/extensions/match_patterns) documentation)
* `popup.ts` will become the extension's "browser action" popup
    * NOTE: `popup.ts` compiles into `dist/js/popup.js`. It is loaded into `dist/popup.html` by an explicit `<script>`
    tag on that page. `dist/popup.html` is static and is not automatically generated by the build process.
* `popup.css` contains styles for the popup. These styles are loaded with `style-loader` via the `import` line at the
top of `popup.ts` (and directly injected into the popup via JavaScript)

## Dist layout

```
dist
├── js
│   ├── background.js
│   ├── content.js
│   └── popup.js
├── manifest.json
└── popup.html
```

`dist` contains the Chrome extension. You can delete `js/*`, as its contents will be regenerated by `webpack`, but the
rest of the contents of `dist` will not.
